Guangfei, why are you doing these things?
This is for the prince. I replaced the decoction with medicine toy,
This will make it easier to learn, and you won't need to take medicine every day in the future.
In fact, Wang Fei still cares about the prince.
Hey, this is the number of people I have,
It's a good man's skill to be convenient for you.
The unjust couple is Luo, Mr. Gong.
Why are you coming to vent your anger on me again?
The unjust Qingcheng came to you to apologize. You and I are going to see him.
It's his business to come to me and apologize,
What does it have to do with me? You have to go to him first.
Yuan Lian Luo, I will tell you,
The more you go today, the better. If you don’t go,
Gotta go too. Not going
If you want to do what you want, kill me
Why do you think you dare not?
If you don't go there, I won't help you fight.
after us
Thought it was goodbye
That guy Zhiqi
You and I, sister, come together
You are finally willing to see me